Now that we have a reference on a Class object,
let us see what we can do with it.
First, we are going to see how to get information on that class itself.
The first method we are going to see on this Class object is
the get super class method that returns a reference on the
super class of that Class object.
All the classes we see in Java have at least one super class,
which is the object class, the default super class.
It can also have other super classes explicitly declared in the class file.
And you can also get a reference on the implemented interfaces if there are any.
In fact, interfaces are seen as types by the Reflection API,
and they are also modeled as Class object.
A Class object can, in fact, be modeled of a proper class,
but also of an interface.
So suppose we have a reference on an existing class, here, the String class.
We can call the getSuperClass on this Class object.
It will return another Class object.
Let us call it superClass.
In that case, since string extends object,
it will be the Object class itself,
and we can also call getInterfaces to get an array of interfaces,
which are also modeled by Class object.
In that case, since the String class implements CharSequence and comparable,
those are the interfaces we will have in this array.
If the class does not implement any interface,
then the getInterfaces method will return an empty array.
This is not the case for the getSuperClass method call.
If you call this method on the Object class,
which is the only class in Java that does not have any super class, then the reference you will get will be null.